# CS172_EX02
Thomas Bryant-Clauson
CS – 172 – OL
Pete Tucker
5/23/2019

Computation and the World
  
  My passion for software is something that is a wide-open canvas. I just to explore many different paths was revolving around software. I want to help people with my software, I want to be able to know when I was on that team that work so hard on making that software. Software is able to help people in so many different ways its unbelieve. With the grow that technology is going, software’s will be improving as well. Being more widely acceptable to everyone and being right for that individual using it. Having the easiest access to the software you need is going to be the best thing for a society that wants to grow, by having technology with software that can help those people. If my passion is that, I’m going to have to practice with many different software and let them glad me down a path for knowledge and experience that will help me with my passion. But getting to that passion of mine isn’t going to be easy, its going to be long night at that station writing code, running them over and over. Being able to accept failure and starting over. My passion, hard work leads to being able to assist those around you in any way possible.
	My view world of the world has been centered around hard work leads to success, you put your head down and get going. If you want something you need to go work for it. It might be hard so what go do it. The feeling after a long hard day’s work at the station, the gym, football practice. Being be to walkway from something knowing you have given it your all is the best feeling in the world. Walking from the gym knowing you got every rep you possibly could. Knowing that when you walk up the next day, it starts all over again. This will be feeling, this view on hard work to helping people with the use and knowledge of software. The knowledge of software is going to be the biggest thing with the aid of the handwork. The knowledge aids in the handwork, the knowledge comes from the long hours in the library, the lab working a project with your group. The feeling of a team is another big thing that will aid in my passion. 
	I want to have the knowledge to be able to write a software that will aid in some sort of graphical or gaming background. I love the visual aspects of video rendering. Pushing computers to the max settings in the graphics menu of a video game is awesome. If I was really set on something, it would have to be graphics units (GPU’s). coding and working of GPU are something I would need to know to be able aid my and goal of having job to help people push their and technology and software. All this needs to be done though hard work and dedication. I will need to be able to accept a lot of failure and be ready to overcome obstacles and get back up when I fall down to be able to get back up. The knowledge to aid the software programming of the team. This is a hard hill to climb and I’m ready for it.
